<!DOCTYPE html>

<html class="client-nojs" dir="ltr" lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8"/>
<title>2024-01-14 - Ta'Illistim - OOC Meeting (log) - GemStone IV Wiki</title>
<script>document.documentElement.className="client-js";RLCONF={"wgBreakFrames":false,"wgSeparatorTransformTable":["",""],"wgDigitTransformTable":["",""],"wgDefaultDateFormat":"dmy","wgMonthNames":["","January","February","March","April","May","June","July","August","September","October","November","December"],"wgRequestId":"a93c39567e4a33ace72efaca","wgCSPNonce":false,"wgCanonicalNamespace":"","wgCanonicalSpecialPageName":false,"wgNamespaceNumber":0,"wgPageName":"2024-01-14_-_Ta'Illistim_-_OOC_Meeting_(log)","wgTitle":"2024-01-14 - Ta'Illistim - OOC Meeting (log)","wgCurRevisionId":213951,"wgRevisionId":213951,"wgArticleId":33147,"wgIsArticle":true,"wgIsRedirect":false,"wgAction":"view","wgUserName":null,"wgUserGroups":["*"],"wgCategories":["OOC meetings","Ta'Illistim OOC meetings","Logs"],"wgPageContentLanguage":"en","wgPageContentModel":"wikitext","wgRelevantPageName":"2024-01-14_-_Ta'Illistim_-_OOC_Meeting_(log)","wgRelevantArticleId":33147,"wgIsProbablyEditable":false,"wgRelevantPageIsProbablyEditable":false,"wgRestrictionEdit":[],"wgRestrictionMove":[],"wgVisualEditor":{"pageLanguageCode":"en","pageLanguageDir":"ltr","pageVariantFallbacks":"en"},"wgPageFormsTargetName":null,"wgPageFormsAutocompleteValues":[],"wgPageFormsAutocompleteOnAllChars":false,"wgPageFormsFieldProperties":[],"wgPageFormsCargoFields":[],"wgPageFormsDependentFields":[],"wgPageFormsCalendarValues":[],"wgPageFormsCalendarParams":[],"wgPageFormsCalendarHTML":null,"wgPageFormsGridValues":[],"wgPageFormsGridParams":[],"wgPageFormsContLangYes":null,"wgPageFormsContLangNo":null,"wgPageFormsContLangMonths":[],"wgPageFormsHeightForMinimizingInstances":800,"wgPageFormsShowOnSelect":[],"wgPageFormsScriptPath":"/extensions/PageForms","edgValues":null,"wgPageFormsEDSettings":null,"wgAmericanDates":false,"simpleBatchUploadMaxFilesPerBatch":{"*":1000},"wgVector2022PreviewPages":[],"wgEditSubmitButtonLabelPublish":false};
RLSTATE={"site.styles":"ready","user.styles":"ready","user":"ready","user.options":"loading","skins.vector.styles.legacy":"ready","ext.visualEditor.desktopArticleTarget.noscript":"ready","ext.DarkMode.styles":"ready"};RLPAGEMODULES=["ext.smw.styles","smw.entityexaminer","site","mediawiki.page.ready","mediawiki.toc","skins.vector.legacy.js","ext.visualEditor.desktopArticleTarget.init","ext.visualEditor.targetLoader","ext.DarkMode"];</script>
<script>(RLQ=window.RLQ||[]).push(function(){mw.loader.implement("user.options@12s5i",function($,jQuery,require,module){mw.user.tokens.set({"patrolToken":"+\\","watchToken":"+\\","csrfToken":"+\\"});});});</script>
<link href="/load.php?lang=en&amp;modules=ext.DarkMode.styles%7Cext.visualEditor.desktopArticleTarget.noscript%7Cskins.vector.styles.legacy&amp;only=styles&amp;skin=vector" rel="stylesheet"/>
<script async="" src="/load.php?lang=en&amp;modules=startup&amp;only=scripts&amp;raw=1&amp;skin=vector"></script>
<style>#mw-indicator-mw-helplink {display:none;}</style>
<meta content="" name="ResourceLoaderDynamicStyles"/>
<link href="/load.php?lang=en&amp;modules=site.styles&amp;only=styles&amp;skin=vector" rel="stylesheet"/>
<meta content="MediaWiki 1.39.12" name="generator"/>
<meta content="telephone=no" name="format-detection"/>
<meta content="width=1000" name="viewport"/>
<link href="/index.php?title=Special:ExportRDF/2024-01-14_-_Ta%27Illistim_-_OOC_Meeting_(log)&amp;xmlmime=rdf" rel="alternate" title="2024-01-14 - Ta'Illistim - OOC Meeting (log)" type="application/rdf+xml"/>
<link href="/favicon.ico" rel="icon"/>
<link href="/opensearch_desc.php" rel="search" title="GemStone IV Wiki (en)" type="application/opensearchdescription+xml"/>
<link href="https://gswiki.play.net/api.php?action=rsd" rel="EditURI" type="application/rsd+xml"/>
<link href="/assets/archive.css" rel="stylesheet"/><script src="/assets/archive.js"></script></head>
<body class="mediawiki ltr sitedir-ltr mw-hide-empty-elt ns-0 ns-subject page-2024-01-14_-_Ta_Illistim_-_OOC_Meeting_log rootpage-2024-01-14_-_Ta_Illistim_-_OOC_Meeting_log skin-vector action-view skin-vector-legacy vector-feature-language-in-header-enabled vector-feature-language-in-main-page-header-disabled vector-feature-language-alert-in-sidebar-disabled vector-feature-sticky-header-disabled vector-feature-sticky-header-edit-disabled vector-feature-table-of-contents-disabled vector-feature-visual-enhancement-next-disabled">
<div id="archive-banner">
<div class="archive-banner-content">
<span class="archive-icon">ðŸ“¦</span>
<span class="archive-text">
<strong>ARCHIVED SNAPSHOT</strong> of GSWiki â€¢
                Captured: 2026-01-14 20:20 UTC
            </span>
<a class="archive-live-link" href="https://gswiki.play.net" rel="noopener" target="_blank">
                View live wiki â†’
            </a>
</div>
</div>
<div class="noprint" id="mw-page-base"></div>
<div class="noprint" id="mw-head-base"></div>
<div class="mw-body" id="content" role="main">
<a id="top"></a>
<div id="siteNotice"><div id="mw-dismissablenotice-anonplace"></div><script>(function(){var node=document.getElementById("mw-dismissablenotice-anonplace");if(node){node.outerHTML="\u003Cdiv id=\"localNotice\"\u003E\u003Cdiv class=\"anonnotice\" lang=\"en\" dir=\"ltr\"\u003E\u003Cp\u003EDon't forget: You can log in with your Play.net account\n\u003C/p\u003E\u003C/div\u003E\u003C/div\u003E";}}());</script></div>
<div class="mw-indicators">
<div class="mw-indicator" id="mw-indicator-smw-entity-examiner"><div class="smw-entity-examiner smw-indicator-vertical-bar-loader" data-dir="ltr" data-subject="2024-01-14_-_Ta'Illistim_-_OOC_Meeting_(log)#0##" data-uselang="" title="Running an examiner in the background"></div></div>
</div>
<h1 class="firstHeading mw-first-heading" id="firstHeading"><span class="mw-page-title-main">2024-01-14 - Ta'Illistim - OOC Meeting (log)</span></h1>
<div class="vector-body" id="bodyContent">
<div class="noprint" id="siteSub">The official GemStone IV encyclopedia.</div>
<div id="contentSub"><span class="subpages"><div id="breadcrumbs2"><span id="breadcrumbs2-currentitle">2024-01-14 - Ta'Illistim - OOC Meeting (log)</span></div></span></div>
<div id="contentSub2"></div>
<div id="jump-to-nav"></div>
<a class="mw-jump-link" href="#mw-head">Jump to navigation</a>
<a class="mw-jump-link" href="#searchInput">Jump to search</a>
<div class="mw-body-content mw-content-ltr" dir="ltr" id="mw-content-text" lang="en"><div class="mw-parser-output"><p>Hosted by GM Elysani
</p>
<div aria-labelledby="mw-toc-heading" class="toc" id="toc" role="navigation"><input class="toctogglecheckbox" id="toctogglecheckbox" role="button" style="display:none" type="checkbox"/><div class="toctitle" dir="ltr" lang="en"><h2 id="mw-toc-heading">Contents</h2><span class="toctogglespan"><label class="toctogglelabel" for="toctogglecheckbox"></label></span></div>
<ul>
<li class="toclevel-1 tocsection-1"><a href="#2023_Recap"><span class="tocnumber">1</span> <span class="toctext">2023 Recap</span></a></li>
<li class="toclevel-1 tocsection-2"><a href="#Goal_List_for_2024"><span class="tocnumber">2</span> <span class="toctext">Goal List for 2024</span></a></li>
<li class="toclevel-1 tocsection-3"><a href="#Player_Comment,_Questions,_and/or_Concerns"><span class="tocnumber">3</span> <span class="toctext">Player Comment, Questions, and/or Concerns</span></a></li>
<li class="toclevel-1 tocsection-4"><a href="#Additional_Information"><span class="tocnumber">4</span> <span class="toctext">Additional Information</span></a></li>
</ul>
</div>
<h2><span class="mw-headline" id="2023_Recap">2023 Recap</span></h2>
<ul><li>Book Releases - GM Valyrka will be continuing these.</li>
<li><a href="/wiki/Museum Alerreth.html" title="Museum Alerreth">Museum Alerreth</a> Grand Reopening</li>
<li>Ta'Illistim Bakery Update</li>
<li><a href="/wiki/Royal Arboretum.html" title="Royal Arboretum">Royal Arboretum</a> Update</li>
<li><a href="/wiki/Citizenship titles#Ta'Illistim Citizenship Titles.html" title="Citizenship titles">Citizenship Titles</a></li></ul>
<h2><span class="mw-headline" id="Goal_List_for_2024">Goal List for 2024</span></h2>
<ul><li>This year's theme is Meetings and Partings - Rebuilding Ta'Illistim</li>
<li>Resolve the fates of <a href="/wiki/Ardtin Illistim.html" title="Ardtin Illistim">Ardtin Illistim</a> and <a href="/wiki/Gasen Nellereune.html" title="Gasen Nellereune">Gasen</a></li>
<li>Refresh/revamp the embassies, open the area up for new lore releases/more RP, and market stalls.</li>
<li>Add more Quality of Roleplay improvements</li>
<li><a href="/wiki/Category_COLON_Chronicles of Norallen.html" title="Category:Chronicles of Norallen">Chronicles of Norallen</a></li></ul>
<h2><span id="Player_Comment.2C_Questions.2C_and.2For_Concerns"></span><span class="mw-headline" id="Player_Comment,_Questions,_and/or_Concerns">Player Comment, Questions, and/or Concerns</span></h2>
<p>â€¢Â  Â  <a href="/wiki/Library Aies.html" title="Library Aies">Library</a> expansion - added to the list
</p><p>â€¢Â  Â  Further exploration of the societies - on the list to look at expanding on them lore- and player-involvement wise
</p><p>â€¢Â  Â  Concern about division and conflict during storylines - emphasis is going to be about community and gathering together
</p><p>â€¢Â  Â  Possibility of <a href="/wiki/Veythorne Manor.html" title="Veythorne Manor">Veythorne Manor</a> glowbark tree becoming a forage prop - on the list of places to see more RP and to be fixed up a bit.Â  More lore and history on that family and other TI noble houses also requested.
</p><p>â€¢Â  Â  Advanced warning of shop inventory changes - noted.Â  Twist of Roses coming soon - going big because of <a href="/wiki/Yfane.html" title="Yfane">Yfane</a> - more details to come.Â  Auction of NPC outfits suggested!
</p><p>â€¢Â  Â  Ongoing problem with abandoned capped bandits on the <a href="/wiki/Sylvarraend.html" title="Sylvarraend">Sylvarraend</a> Road - attempting to rectify that soon along with a push for more AFK testing to clean up TI
</p><p>â€¢Â  Â  Review of citizen requirements - looking into it and have some ideas for updates
</p><p>â€¢Â  Â  Learning of languages - dev-level request - not something for a guru to answer
</p><p>â€¢Â  Â  Review of the wiki node page towns and update of <a href="/wiki/Verb_COLON_SENSE.html" title="Verb:SENSE">SENSE</a> to identify supernodes - players are encouraged to update the wiki - can use EXP absorption - not under guru control but will be added to a list
</p><p>â€¢Â  Â  <a href="/wiki/Flight of the Griffins.html" title="Flight of the Griffins">Flight of the Griffins</a> returning (with opt-on/out) - probably - guru may just grab and toss people around at leisure instead (J/K -Â  I hope)
</p><p>â€¢Â  Â  Premium transport from Sylvarraend - will look into it
</p>
<h2><span class="mw-headline" id="Additional_Information">Additional Information</span></h2>
<p>Elysani recites:
</p><p>Â  Â  "Welcome to the 2024 TI OOC Meeting!"
</p><p>Elysani says, "I tried to show that I'm capable of organization, so I jotted down some talking points over here."
</p><p>---
</p><p>&gt;read sign
</p><p><b>In the Common language, it reads:</b>
</p><p>Log of the 2022 OOC Meeting can be found here: https://gswiki.play.net/2022_-_Ta%27Illistim_-_OOC_Meeting_(summary)
</p><p><b>2023 Completions:</b>
</p><p>Book Releases - GM Valyrka will be continuing these.
</p><p>Museum Alerreth Grand Reopening
</p><p>Ta'Illistim Bakery Update
</p><p>Royal Arboretum Update
</p><p><b>2024 Goals and Focuses:</b>
</p><p>This year's theme is Meetings and Partings - Rebuilding Ta'Illistim
</p><p>Resolve the fates of Ardtin and Gasen
</p><p>Refresh/revamp the embassies, open the area up for new lore releases/more RP, and market stalls.
</p><p>Add more Quality of Roleplay improvements
</p><p>Chronicles of Norallen
</p><p><b>Random Notes:</b>
</p><p>The Veythorne giftshop is temporarily closed while we squash some unwanted bugs.
</p><p>---
</p><p>Elysani says, "I wasn't sure how rowdy we were going to get, so I did open up a questions list for later as well."
</p><p>Rohese softly says, "Well that's one of my questions answered."
</p><p>Teveriel says, "Needs more Pepe Silva."
</p><p>Elysani says, "I couldn't find enough thread to connect all the things, so use your imagination."
</p><p>Elysani says, "Starting off, I just want to thank everyone for attending so early this morning, I'm hoping I can really, really bring community back to Ta'Illistim and I'm grateful I have that opportunity."
</p><p>Elysani says, "Alongside not-me-maybe Casil, I think we're going to have a lot of fun between Ta'Vaalor and Ta'Illistim, BUT still keep each identity of each city unique."
</p><p>Elysani says, "And Xeraphina in Cysaegir, we're going to get into a lot of shenanigans, per usual."
</p><p>Teveriel exclaims, "I didn't say anything!"
</p><p>Elysani says, "I might be missing some details, but I did list the 2023 accomplishments from GM Valyrka, and I'll try touch on them briefly before I get into the meat of the meeting."
</p><p>Elysani says, "Valyrka did release some books, and will be continuing that project as well as working for the Premium team."
</p><p>Speaking to Casil, Elysani says, "I knew I forgot something."
</p><p>Elysani exclaims, "Citizenship titles!"
</p><p>Elaejia says, "Those are very cool."
</p><p>Elysani says, "I'm going to review them as well, maybe add a few more if I don't drive anyone insane with requests this year."
</p><p>Elysani says, "Wielder of the Peahen Automaton."
</p><p>Elysani says, "Museum Alerreth Grand Reopening.Â  I know this was high on the priority list and I'm grateful it was released this year."
</p><p>Elysani says, "Admittedly I haven't had a chance to walk through it, but the museum should be a prime gathering place for socializing and roleplay, so I might tie some light RP events there, just to give players who aren't familiar with the museum a chance to tour and converse."
</p><p>Elysani says, "The bakery had an update as well, alongside a player contest for inspiration.Â  It's well worth a visit."
</p><p>Elysani says, "And lastly, the Royal Arboretum update."
</p><p>Avawren says, "Best update."
</p><p>Elysani says, "I want to continue to expand the arboretum, but it'll be just like the original update, an organic, slow progression using your input and suggestions."
</p><p>Elysani says, "I want the roleplay interactions to shape how the city changes over time."
</p><p>Elysani says, "Okay, let's move onto 2024 Goals."
</p><p>Elysani says, "As the sign says, I wanted to give this year a theme.Â  This is my first actual town guruship and with it comes a lot of responsibilities to the NPCs that have been created, and to the playerbase who have evolved alongside the city proper."
</p><p>Elysani says, "Meetings and Partings broadly covers a lot of ground."
</p><p>Elysani says, "Ta'Illistim and its people are still dealing with the repercussions of Nations on the Brink and all of its losses and revelations."
</p><p>Elysani says, "I want to provide insights into how these still NPCs are attempting to return to "normal", how they move forward from the inquisitions, the death of Kasendra, the return of Sayilla, and Ardtin and Gasen still missing."
</p><p>Elysani says, "As we gather together again, we will be meeting new NPCs to the Shining City, but we will also be parting ways with other NPCs, but I promise their exits will be approached with the grace and respect that they deserve."
</p><p>Elysani says, "This is also going to include meetings and partings in the way of shops and certain wandering NPCs, they should also be evolving as we move along."
</p><p>Elysani says, "Next point: resolve the fates of Ardtin and Gasen."
</p><p>Speaking to Elysani, Casil says, "That sounds really ominous."
</p><p>Elysani says, "I will not be putting their faces on milk cartons, but they are in fact, still missing after these many months."
</p><p>Speaking to Casil, Elysani says, "MAYBE IT IS."
</p><p>Avawren says, "I'm sure they're fine. Just forgot to tell us they were going on vacay."
</p><p>Elysani says, "These could occur outside of Ta'Illistim and even across the continent, but I don't want to spoil anything as they've been missing for months and the search parties are exhausting all their resources."
</p><p>Elysani says, "They're just hanging out at Nielira, enjoying a seapony salad."
</p><p>Casil mutters, "Monsters."
</p><p>Xynwen says, "Yfane has co-opted them in his search for the formula for rosesilk."
</p><p>Teveriel says, "Sea croutons."
</p><p>Lucrecea says, "In Nielira Harbor, seaponies eat you."
</p><p>Elysani says, "But worry not, we're not forgetting them, we're just giving them a little more time to stew whilst Qalinor questions Myasara's commitment to the treaty.Â  Just elf things."
</p><p>Elysani exclaims, "Third point!"
</p><p>Elysani says, "Refresh/revamp the embassies, open the area up for new lore releases/more RP, and market stalls."
</p><p>Elysani says, "The embassies are going to be a focus for this year as the city begins to welcome new visitors within its walls.Â  They're a perfect area for exploration and a farmer's market, so I'm hoping to add more "oomph" when I have the time."
</p><p>Elysani says, "I love the new market stalls with every fiber of my Barbie being, and I want to encourage more events utilizing them."
</p><p>Elysani says, "The embassies are underutilized, in my opinion."
</p><p>Elysani says, "I spent a good chunk of yesterday post-meetings wandering around and exploring the nooks and crannies, there's a lot of potential there."
</p><p>Elysani says, "I'd like to spend a little time visiting each embassy, inviting players to host events within each respective embassy, and usher in new relations between the races."
</p><p>Elysani says, "Next point!Â  Add more Quality of Roleplay improvements."
</p><p>Elysani asks, "Or do they?"
</p><p>Elysani says, "Just to test the waters, I added ambients to the city at the beginning of the year, just citizens and visitors whispering to one another about the mutual defense treaty with Ta'Vaalor."
</p><p>Elysani says, "I want to make the city feel alive and thriving, it should be bustling during the day and there's not really an indication of such."
</p><p>Elysani says, "It's the center of culture (I STILL LOVE NALFEIN) and learning, it should give a player that impression when they walk down the var."
</p><p>Elysani says, "If the ambients aren't driving people batty (I tried to space them in a reasonable rate)"
</p><p>Elysani says, "I'd like to continue to use ever-changing ambients depending on current events, town gossip, scheduled events on the official calendar."
</p><p>Elysani says, "Is Clessar giving a lecture on court fashion on X day?Â  Ambients."
</p><p>Elysani says, "I spoke to Thandiwe and I do want to set out a walking "crier" for TI so players can catch up on gossip, news, events."
</p><p>Lucrecea says, "Very cool."
</p><p>Elysani says, "Quality of Roleplay for me also includes giving you all more spaces to conduct this roleplay."
</p><p>Elysani says, "I'm going to look at the theatre here and see if I need to revamp it to make it a space for peformances."
</p><p>Elysani says, "Maybe an area for musicians on the Green."
</p><p>Elysani says, "You should be able to find a spot that suits your needs and your roleplay, and in turn invites more players to explore Ta'Illistim."
</p><p>Elysani says, "We just opened up the Kraken Communal in KF, where players can eat and enjoy each other's company, but it's limited to Friday-Sunday."
</p><p>Elysani says, "I have an idea for Illistim's version, but I don't want to jump ahead."
</p><p>Elysani says, "I want to roleplay it out, because I want you all to feel like you contributed in some fashion to the city rebuilding."
</p><p>Elysani says, "Shops inventory will be refreshed, backrooms will be added here and in Nielira (because Clessar and Yfane are now moral enemies in my head canon)."
</p><p>Elysani says, "Ta'Illistim is a center of culture and by Koar it will continue to flourish."
</p><p>Elysani says, "My second to last note, Chronicles of Norallen."
</p><p>Elysani says, "I apologize if I butchered that because I wrote this sign late, late last night."
</p><p>Elysani says, "There will be storyline tied to Ta'Illistim, but I'll be sure to test the waters with using ambients, NPCs, and other small RP-related tools to really get everyone involved."
</p><p>Elysani says, "Annnd my last note on the sign.Â  We're still looking at the Veythorne giftshop + foraged item props, so I'll definitely let you know when it's fixed."
</p><p>Elysani says, "I swear I'm forgetting something, but I'll just tack it on in the TI channel if I suddenly recall later today."
</p><p>Elysani says, "Before I open up the floor for questions, I sincerely thank you all for attending, rebuilding IC and OOC is a daunting task, but we want to bring more opportunities to you all as players and continue to watch roleplay flourish."
</p><p>Elysani says, "Okay!Â  Questions!Â  List is open."
</p><p>Elysani says, "And no I am not annexing TI."
</p><p>Teveriel serenely says, "I'm just happy to be here."
</p><p>Speaking to Elysani, Casil says, "Maybe not willingly."
</p><p>Teveriel coyly says, "Well, no, -you're- not."
</p><p>Elysani says, "I wonder if I can roll one of those crystals all the way to Ta'Vaalor."
</p><p>Teveriel threatens, "We have a drake, you know."
</p><p>Speaking softly to Elysani, Rohese says, "I actually have a couple so I will ask one and add my name to bottom of the list for the rest."
</p><p>Elysani says, "We have an unending supply of crystals as long as everyone infuses."
</p><p>Speaking to Rohese, Elysani exclaims, "Sounds good!"
</p><p>Rohese softly asks, "First on my wish list is the possibility of a library expansion like the one we recently saw in Solhaven.Â  Is that on the cards at all?"
</p><p>Elysani says, "We've used the library several times during NotB and I think it would be within the realm of reason that TI would want to expand it, I can definitely add it to the list."
</p><p>Rohese softly says, "Thank you."
</p><p>Elysani says, "We are the center of knowledge, after all."
</p><p>Lucrecea says, "I'm very excited to hear what you have planned for 2024, especially the focus on improving opportunities and RP QOL items in the city.Â  I have two requests (not exactly questions)."
</p><p>Lucrecea says, "First, one thing I liked a lot about the previous storyline here was that it brought much more depth to the various organizations of Ta'Illistim, in particular the Sapphire Guard.Â  I love that the new titles allow us to finally show that we are affiliates of them, too, and have been enjoying them with several characters.Â  I'd like to see more exploration of these societies in a way that lets us interact with and alongside them."
</p><p>Elysani says, "I saw that was a request from the last OOC meeting and I definitely want to expand on those, lore-wise and player involvement-wise."
</p><p>Lucrecea says, "Awesome."
</p><p>Lucrecea says, "I know I'm not alone there."
</p><p>Lucrecea says, "Second.."
</p><p>Lucrecea says, "This was brought up at another town meeting, and I'd like to echo it here.Â  For storylines, I feel like the past half decade has really encouraged division and conflict between our characters, setting up two or more different factions in opposition - whether intentionally or not.Â  This has had the unfortunate result of characters being cast as villains, or at least adversaries, when their players never wanted to be in that role."
</p><p>Elysani says, "We're (hopefully) going to see more players drawn to the city, and the ones that are returning I understand the want to be involved."
</p><p>Lucrecea says, "While I'm not opposed to conflict and think they make for engaging stories, I'd like to request storylines that focus on allowing our communities to work with one another instead of against each other."
</p><p>Lucrecea says, "For the ones that do have the opportunity for our characters to serve as an antagonist, I'd like to request for that to be a role that we intentionally opt into instead of being automatically cast that way by virtue of being of X citizenship or culture or other group affiliation, or simply because another town wants to start a war with someone in the EN."
</p><p>Lucrecea says, "I swear I'm done now."
</p><p>Ameliya says, "I like the idea of working together.Â  Sometimes it can feel hard to be included if one can't participate all the time, or to know which 'side' to be on."
</p><p>Elysani says, "This year in TI is going to be about community and gathering together."
</p><p>Elysani says, "And when the day comes that we begin a storyline of us/them, I'll make sure it's not a division that causes strife, or if it does, there's an available way to circumnavigate around it."
</p><p>Elysani says, "I also have an amazing group of peers to work with and toss ideas around with."
</p><p>Elysani says, "In all seriousness, I wouldn't be capable of doing a fraction of what I've done thus far without these GMs."
</p><p>Xynwen is just here for the food.
</p><p>Elysani exclaims, "Rizzo the Rat?!"
</p><p>Speaking to Xynwen, Ameliya says, "That's often me."
</p><p>Casil says, "Guess I'm a narcissist then."
</p><p>Ameliya says, "I have a question/request and a general request."
</p><p>Ameliya says, "The Veythorne Manor conversions of the flowers from souvenirs only to the foraged prop system was amazing.Â  Similarly, I was wondering if it would be possible to convert the glowbark tree in The Glowbark room at the center of the gardens to have readily pluckable glowbark leaves that work with weaving, instead of waiting for the random ambient drop?Â  It's 'a radiant ghostly blue leaf', one of which I have in hand, and they don't currently work with weaving."
</p><p>Elysani says, "I can review it at some point, Veythorne Manor is on the list of "places I'd love to see more roleplay, let's fix it up a bit."
</p><p>Ameliya says, "Thank you for considering it."
</p><p>Ameliya says, "First, I want to say that the shop updates and new additions in all towns have been amazing.Â  As a general request though, I was wondering if it would be at all possible to post a "last call" period, as happened with the Ta'vaalor bakery update last year, before the actual refreshes are rolled in live, especially to any food or crafting goods shops, so we can grab and stock up on any last minute items before they disappear for good?Â  A lot of work also went into creating the original items, but unfortunately we can't buy all of everything all the time."
</p><p>Elysani says, "Oh definitely, I'll give everyone a heads up prior to the refresh going into QC, so everyone can buy what they need."
</p><p>Elysani says, "OH SPEAKING OF."
</p><p>Elysani says, "A Twist of Roses."
</p><p>Elysani says, "Is coming soon."
</p><p>Ameliya says, "Thank you so much.Â  That's wonderful news."
</p><p>Xynwen says, "You've had more than a decade to stock up there."
</p><p>Elysani says, "But we also want to go big because Yfane."
</p><p>Ameliya says, "I was referring more to consumable and food items."
</p><p>Teveriel says, "I did manage to grab a few jars of the warpaint from the old version."
</p><p>Elysani says, "Details coming at a later period once we convene and decide how over-the-top it goes."
</p><p>Uniana whispers aloud, "Fashion auction."
</p><p>Speaking to Uniana, Elysani says, "We actually have an area for that coming up."
</p><p>Elaejia says, "I hope he won't forget to bring his personal musician there to provide his soundtrack."
</p><p>Thandiwe says, "You know, I had thought about for like past NPC outfits but then I keep forgetting and accidentally rolling over them."
</p><p>Teveriel says, "The minstrel is NECESSARY."
</p><p>Casil says, "I think I put some past NPC outfits in the DM prize piles."
</p><p>Casil says, "But normally I forget."
</p><p>Speaking to Thandiwe, Elysani says, "I used to just toss my old outfits onto a rack but then I realized I was changing too often and I'd definitely clog a room."
</p><p>Elysani says, "But we would love to see if there are any NPC outfits (within reason) that you'd like to see for sale."
</p><p>Thandiwe says, "Oh, I toss them in an armoire, but then I rolled over the armoire making something live..."
</p><p>Avawren states, "Yes. All of them."
</p><p>Elaejia says, "I mean.Â  Pretty much yes."
</p><p>Lissaya says, "Let me just search the elfchat for every time I said "I'mma need someone to steal..."."
</p><p>Elysani asks, "LORHAND?"
</p><p>Uniana asks, "This is for alters right?"
</p><p>Elysani says, "It is, or at least it's showing as such on my end."
</p><p>Uniana says, "Okay so first is just something from last year that I'm not sure ever got addressed - the road from the lake of fear is still SUPER dangerous when people leave their capped bandits."
</p><p>Speaking softly to Uniana, Rohese says, "Yes, thank you!Â  That was to be my next question."
</p><p>Casil exclaims, "I'm not leaving them!"
</p><p>Elysani vaguely says, "We'll be attempting to rectify that soon."
</p><p>Dendum says, "They were particularly annoying during the festival of lumnis."
</p><p>Uniana says, "And maybe the workaround is just using Chronomage, that's fine, but it also kinds of feel like maybe there's another solution which could be looking at the placement and oh okay."
</p><p>Elysani says, "Let me ask around and see what can be done, I don't need potential new visitors and returners to get ganked on the way over."
</p><p>Rohese softly says, "Thank you."
</p><p>Uniana says, "Cool, next thing is we talked about this a little bit in the thread with the updates for the shop but like Veythorne isn't just a place for RP, it's part of a family home. More than any other City-State and maybe even place outside of the Empire, Ta'Illistim has these noble houses with rich history and super deep lore and I hope that we get to see more of them to immerse."
</p><p>Elysani says, "OH I jumped the Nalfein gun."
</p><p>Uniana says, "I should have just rejoined."
</p><p>Speaking to Uniana, Elysani says, "I did find the NPCs, let me do my due diligence and research them before I attempt to drag them out to interact with the populace."
</p><p>Avawren says, "I'm way more interested in what Uniana has to ask, no worries."
</p><p>Uniana says, "I'm not even asking for the original PCs. I think I just miss seeing the general populace understand why Nellerune is important etc."
</p><p>Uniana says, "And I'm done."
</p><p>Casil says, "It's on my todo list."
</p><p>Speaking softly to Avawren, Rohese says, "And there's my last question, thank you."
</p><p>Elysani says, "Definitely on the-yeah, what I said."
</p><p>Casil says, "Not to answer for you."
</p><p>Xynwen says, "We have several GMs who regularly do afk testing."
</p><p>Xynwen says, "So it's always on the list."
</p><p>Casil says, "But I did it in TV, and I will do a push here, too."
</p><p>Xynwen says, "Just remember though, just because they don't respond to you, doesn't mean they don't respond to us."
</p><p>Elysani says, "Cleaning up TI."
</p><p>Rohese softly says, "I am still so grateful that the node was moved from the Glowbark, that was a huge QOL change for me, at least."
</p><p>Meril says, "Are there any plans this year to review the citizenship requirements? Not for me personally, but I know a lot of people have raised the question over the years."
</p><p>Elysani says, "I have ideas for it, but I haven't run them by anyone yet so I don't want to proclaim something then get the hose."
</p><p>Elysani says, "Or the spray bottle."
</p><p>Thandiwe says, "I have never...."
</p><p>Speaking to Meril, Elysani says, "But yes, I'd like to introduce updated requirements to some extent."
</p><p>Speaking to Jaysehn, Elysani asks, "Is this going to be a VolnCo question?"
</p><p>Jaysehn asks, "So with TI being the center of learning, I was just wondering if any thought/ideas are around about the learning of languages. If that is a thing we still don't have any movement on, where would be the best place to offer ideas?"
</p><p>Jaysehn says, "Everything is a VolnCo question."
</p><p>Thandiwe says, "I can answer that question.Â  What you are asking for is a mechanics level and skill-based request that would be incredibly complex for a Guru to instill.Â  It requires a lot of behind the scene mechanics to be added."
</p><p>Thandiwe says, "This is a dev-level request."
</p><p>Jaysehn asks, "Forum post then?"
</p><p>Thandiwe says, "Yes, I suppose that would work."
</p><p>Jaysehn says, "Awesome. Thanks."
</p><p>Speaking to Uniana, Teveriel asks, "Are you just giving out free barbie-fodder blessings?"
</p><p>Ameliya says, "I have a two-part question/request."
</p><p>Ameliya asks, "I was reminded of this by Rohese's comment, but it's sometimes hard to keep track of all the supernode changes in various towns.Â  I am actually not sure this page is up to date, especially related to Icemule: https://gswiki.play.net/Node .Â  I was wondering if it would be possible for someone to check for each of their towns as we're doing the yearly review?"
</p><p>Ameliya says, "Finally, I had requested this in the past, but it would also be much more helpful if there was an in-game way to SENSE or identify a room as being a supernode, rather than just a regular node.Â  I know wizards can sense earthnodes, and others can identify shrines and minor sanctuaries, so this would just be another convenience step rather than trying to search all over to stay up to date."
</p><p>Thandiwe says, "I don't see why a player can't check that list.Â  We aren't expected to maintain all of the player gathered information."
</p><p>Ameliya says, "There's no way for players to identify supernodes without being told."
</p><p>Ameliya says, "That's the problem."
</p><p>Uniana asks, "Can't we check exp absorbs?"
</p><p>Xynwen says, "Players typically checked their exp absorption, yes."
</p><p>Thandiwe says, "I thought it was kind of evident to players if it was a supernode or not."
</p><p>Dendum says, "Its a hell of a process to tell the difference with diminishing returns on exp due to pulses being smaller with the pool being more empty...it involves a lot of guess work."
</p><p>Xynwen says, "And then hypothesized/determined the super nodes vs reguarl nodes vs none."
</p><p>Ameliya says, "Not everyone uses third party software, and that seems inconvenient when you often can't even tell what other room to check if town dynamics changed."
</p><p>Uniana says, "Main gathering points are always super nodes? That seems unchanging."
</p><p>Ameliya says, "I mean if gathering places are intended to change, I just thought that would be a simple thing to post since a lot of the changes in the past were buried deep in conversation that people may not have time to read daily.Â  It wasn't meant to be a big issue."
</p><p>Elysani says, "While not exactly under the guru umbrella, we'll have your questions on record if someone can take a peek at it when they're available, but I can't promise anything."
</p><p>Thandiwe says, "It can be added to a list, though I can't promise any kind of priority to it.Â  We have a lot of things happening this year and digging into research for all town supernodes wasn't on that list."
</p><p>Ameliya says, "That's why an in-game verb would also be more helpful and easy for players to use themselves."
</p><p>Ameliya says, "Thank you."
</p><p>Meril says, "Oh, I had a couple more things to mention."
</p><p>Thandiwe says, "Creating a verb is a complex system and again, not something I can promise for this year."
</p><p>Speaking to Meril, Elysani says, "Mention away."
</p><p>Meril says, "First is a small room bug, the room just south of the dais doesn't allow you to call urchin guide or mount travel, I think I have bugged the room before but just bringing it to attention again."
</p><p>Jaysehn says, "There were a few rooms in the city that would dismount you. I don't know if they were fixed up or not over the past year."
</p><p>Speaking to Meril, Elysani says, "Probably... let me look at how the mechanics and whatnot involved in it."
</p><p>Elysani says, "Or I just physically grab players and toss you guys around at my leisure."
</p><p>Meril says, "I am not sure how complex it is, but it would also be nice to have some kind of opt in/out for it. Dunk yourself in griffin pheromones or whatnot."
</p><p>Speaking to Elysani, Teveriel says, "I mean if Qalinor could do it."
</p><p>Elysani asks, "That's for the opt in... right?"
</p><p>Meril exclaims, "I just want to feed the grifflets!"
</p><p>Lucrecea says, "I'm reading that Qalinor dunks himself in griffin pheromones here."
</p><p>Elysani says, "Grifflet treats."
</p><p>Uniana says, "It's the baptism of every new King."
</p><p>Elaejia says, "They have to be sold on the street by an NPC in a long coat though."
</p><p>Speaking to Meril, Elysani says, "But if I do bring it back, I'll look at finding ways to opt in or out of going on a ride."
</p><p>Elysani asks, "Shady gnomes in longcoats selling vials?"
</p><p>Ameliya asks, "Last question!Â  I don't know if Sylvarraend falls under your umbrella, but I noticed that it doesn't seem to be considered 'in-town' and therefore one cannot teleport to Mist Harbor from within the central area there.Â  Is that intended?"
</p><p>Speaking to Ameliya, Elysani says, "I'll peek at it this week and I'll announce either way."
</p><p>Speaking to Elysani, Ameliya says, "Thank you so much."
</p><p>Speaking to Elysani, Dendum asks, "Does Silverend fall under your umbrella?"
</p><p>Dendum says, "Sylvarraend."
</p><p>Elysani says, "I was just informed that it does."
</p><p>Dendum exclaims, "Well we all have answers!"
</p><p>Dendum says, "That is all."
</p><p>Elysani says, "I'm now afraid."
</p><p>Elysani asks, "Anymore questions?Â  Comments?Â  Random words you wanted to shout out in game for no good reason?"
</p><p>Casil yells, "ZUCCHINI!"
</p><p>Jaysehn says, "Cannoli."
</p><p>Tivvy says, "I want a burrito."
</p><p>Elysani says, "There we go."
</p><p>Dendum asks, "Did this just become the Sylvarraend OOC meeting?"
</p><p>Uniana says, "Don't lor-ed your standards."
</p><p>Lucrecea says, "Thanks so much for holding this today."
</p><p>Dendum says, "Squash."
</p><p>Ameliya says, "Thank you for listening to us."
</p><p>Teveriel says, "Very much looking forward to what this year brings."
</p><p>Elysani says, "Lots of rebuilding of relationships between NPCs and players, also actual buildings."
</p><p>Elysani says, "Well, thank you guys again for attending, go forth and caffeinate or nap."
</p><p>Casil says, "Community-building for the win."
</p><p>Rohese softly says, "I am excited to see a thriving community return to this wonderful city."
</p><p>Speaking to Elysani, Avawren says, "Thank you for being awesome."
</p><p>Elysani says, "Even if there's tension between Qalinor and Myasara at the moment."
</p><p>Elysani says, "At least it's spicy."
</p><p>Jaysehn says, "Days of our lives conflict levels and not game of thrones conflict levels."
</p><p>Teveriel reasons, "Annexation by marriage."
</p><p>Speaking to Jaysehn, Uniana says, "I mean ur wrong."
</p><p>Speaking to Rohese, Elysani says, "And I know that process will be slow, but slow and steady is a good pace for all of us."
</p><p>Jaysehn says, "Dude...I know. I have no idea what i'm talking about."
</p><p>Lucrecea says, "Thanks again."
</p><p>Rohese softly says, "Absolutely but I'm optimistic."
</p><p>Elaejia exclaims, "Thankyou!"
</p>
<!-- 
NewPP limit report
Cached time: 20260114202748
Cache expiry: 86400
Reduced expiry: false
Complications: [showâ€toc]
[SMW] Inâ€text annotation parser time: 0 seconds
CPU time usage: 0.011 seconds
Real time usage: 0.014 seconds
Preprocessor visited node count: 30/1000000
Postâ€expand include size: 0/2097152 bytes
Template argument size: 0/2097152 bytes
Highest expansion depth: 2/100
Expensive parser function count: 0/100
Unstrip recursion depth: 0/20
Unstrip postâ€expand size: 96/5000000 bytes
-->
<!--
Transclusion expansion time report (%,ms,calls,template)
100.00%    0.000      1 -total
-->
<!-- Saved in parser cache with key gswiki:pcache:idhash:33147-0!canonical and timestamp 20260114202748 and revision id 213951.
 -->
</div>
<div class="printfooter" data-nosnippet="">Retrieved from "<a dir="ltr" href="/wiki/index.php_QUESTION_title=2024-01-14 - Ta%27Illistim - OOC Meeting (log)&amp;oldid=213951.html">https://gswiki.play.net/index.php?title=2024-01-14_-_Ta%27Illistim_-_OOC_Meeting_(log)&amp;oldid=213951</a>"</div></div>
<div class="catlinks" data-mw="interface" id="catlinks"><div class="mw-normal-catlinks" id="mw-normal-catlinks"><a href="https://gswiki.play.net/Special:Categories" title="Special:Categories">Categories</a>: <ul><li><a href="/wiki/Category_COLON_OOC meetings.html" title="Category:OOC meetings">OOC meetings</a></li><li><a href="/wiki/Category_COLON_Ta%27Illistim OOC meetings.html" title="Category:Ta'Illistim OOC meetings">Ta'Illistim OOC meetings</a></li><li><a href="/wiki/Category_COLON_Logs.html" title="Category:Logs">Logs</a></li></ul></div></div>
</div>
</div>
<div id="mw-navigation">
<h2>Navigation menu</h2>
<div id="mw-head">
<nav aria-labelledby="p-personal-label" class="vector-menu mw-portlet mw-portlet-personal vector-user-menu-legacy" id="p-personal" role="navigation">
<h3 class="vector-menu-heading" id="p-personal-label">
<span class="vector-menu-heading-label">Personal tools</span>
</h3>
<div class="vector-menu-content">
<ul class="vector-menu-content-list"><li class="mw-list-item" id="pt-login"><a accesskey="o" href="https://gswiki.play.net/index.php?title=Special:UserLogin&amp;returnto=2024-01-14+-+Ta%27Illistim+-+OOC+Meeting+%28log%29" title="You are encouraged to log in; however, it is not mandatory [o]"><span>Log in</span></a></li><li class="mw-list-item" id="pt-darkmode"><a class="ext-darkmode-link" href="#"><span>Dark mode</span></a></li></ul>
</div>
</nav>
<div id="left-navigation">
<nav aria-labelledby="p-namespaces-label" class="vector-menu mw-portlet mw-portlet-namespaces vector-menu-tabs vector-menu-tabs-legacy" id="p-namespaces" role="navigation">
<h3 class="vector-menu-heading" id="p-namespaces-label">
<span class="vector-menu-heading-label">Namespaces</span>
</h3>
<div class="vector-menu-content">
<ul class="vector-menu-content-list"><li class="selected mw-list-item" id="ca-nstab-main"><a accesskey="c" href="/wiki/2024-01-14 - Ta%27Illistim - OOC Meeting (log).html" title="View the content page [c]"><span>Page</span></a></li><li class="new mw-list-item" id="ca-talk"><a accesskey="t" href="https://gswiki.play.net/index.php?title=Talk:2024-01-14_-_Ta%27Illistim_-_OOC_Meeting_(log)&amp;action=edit&amp;redlink=1" rel="discussion" title="Discussion about the content page (page does not exist) [t]"><span>Discussion</span></a></li></ul>
</div>
</nav>
<nav aria-labelledby="p-variants-label" class="vector-menu mw-portlet mw-portlet-variants emptyPortlet vector-menu-dropdown" id="p-variants" role="navigation">
<input aria-haspopup="true" aria-labelledby="p-variants-label" class="vector-menu-checkbox" data-event-name="ui.dropdown-p-variants" id="p-variants-checkbox" role="button" type="checkbox"/>
<label aria-label="Change language variant" class="vector-menu-heading" id="p-variants-label">
<span class="vector-menu-heading-label">English</span>
</label>
<div class="vector-menu-content">
<ul class="vector-menu-content-list"></ul>
</div>
</nav>
</div>
<div id="right-navigation">
<nav aria-labelledby="p-views-label" class="vector-menu mw-portlet mw-portlet-views vector-menu-tabs vector-menu-tabs-legacy" id="p-views" role="navigation">
<h3 class="vector-menu-heading" id="p-views-label">
<span class="vector-menu-heading-label">Views</span>
</h3>
<div class="vector-menu-content">
<ul class="vector-menu-content-list"><li class="selected mw-list-item" id="ca-view"><a href="/wiki/2024-01-14 - Ta%27Illistim - OOC Meeting (log).html"><span>Read</span></a></li><li class="mw-list-item" id="ca-viewsource"><a accesskey="e" href="https://gswiki.play.net/index.php?title=2024-01-14_-_Ta%27Illistim_-_OOC_Meeting_(log)&amp;action=edit" title="This page is protected.
You can view its source [e]"><span>View source</span></a></li><li class="mw-list-item" id="ca-history"><a accesskey="h" href="https://gswiki.play.net/index.php?title=2024-01-14_-_Ta%27Illistim_-_OOC_Meeting_(log)&amp;action=history" title="Past revisions of this page [h]"><span>View history</span></a></li></ul>
</div>
</nav>
<nav aria-labelledby="p-cactions-label" class="vector-menu mw-portlet mw-portlet-cactions emptyPortlet vector-menu-dropdown" id="p-cactions" role="navigation" title="More options">
<input aria-haspopup="true" aria-labelledby="p-cactions-label" class="vector-menu-checkbox" data-event-name="ui.dropdown-p-cactions" id="p-cactions-checkbox" role="button" type="checkbox"/>
<label class="vector-menu-heading" id="p-cactions-label">
<span class="vector-menu-heading-label">More</span>
</label>
<div class="vector-menu-content">
<ul class="vector-menu-content-list"></ul>
</div>
</nav>
<div class="vector-search-box-vue vector-search-box-show-thumbnail vector-search-box-auto-expand-width vector-search-box" id="p-search" role="search">
<div>
<h3>
<label for="searchInput">Search</label>
</h3>
<form action="/index.php" class="vector-search-box-form" id="searchform">
<div class="vector-search-box-inner" data-search-loc="header-navigation" id="simpleSearch">
<input accesskey="f" aria-label="Search GemStone IV Wiki" autocapitalize="sentences" class="vector-search-box-input" id="searchInput" name="search" placeholder="Search GemStone IV Wiki" title="Search GemStone IV Wiki [f]" type="search"/>
<input name="title" type="hidden" value="Special:Search"/>
<input class="searchButton mw-fallbackSearchButton" id="mw-searchButton" name="fulltext" title="Search the pages for this text" type="submit" value="Search"/>
<input class="searchButton" id="searchButton" name="go" title="Go to a page with this exact name if it exists" type="submit" value="Go"/>
</div>
</form>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div id="mw-panel">
<div id="p-logo" role="banner">
<a class="mw-wiki-logo" href="/wiki/Main Page.html" title="Visit the main page"></a>
</div>
<nav aria-labelledby="p-Navigation-label" class="vector-menu mw-portlet mw-portlet-Navigation vector-menu-portal portal" id="p-Navigation" role="navigation">
<h3 class="vector-menu-heading" id="p-Navigation-label">
<span class="vector-menu-heading-label">Navigation</span>
</h3>
<div class="vector-menu-content">
<ul class="vector-menu-content-list"><li class="mw-list-item" id="n-mainpage"><a accesskey="z" href="/wiki/Main Page.html" title="Visit the main page [z]"><span>Main Page</span></a></li><li class="mw-list-item" id="n-recentchanges"><a accesskey="r" href="https://gswiki.play.net/Special:RecentChanges" title="A list of recent changes in the wiki [r]"><span>Recent changes</span></a></li><li class="mw-list-item" id="n-randompage"><a accesskey="x" href="https://gswiki.play.net/Special:Random" title="Load a random page [x]"><span>Random page</span></a></li><li class="mw-list-item" id="n-GSWiki-Help"><a href="/wiki/Help_COLON_Contents.html"><span>GSWiki Help</span></a></li><li class="mw-list-item" id="n-MediaWiki-Help"><a href="https://www.mediawiki.org/wiki/Special:MyLanguage/Help:Contents"><span>MediaWiki Help</span></a></li><li class="mw-list-item" id="n-GSIV-Homepage"><a href="http://www.gemstone.net" rel="nofollow"><span>GSIV Homepage</span></a></li></ul>
</div>
</nav>
<nav aria-labelledby="p-GemStone_IV_Wiki-label" class="vector-menu mw-portlet mw-portlet-GemStone_IV_Wiki vector-menu-portal portal" id="p-GemStone_IV_Wiki" role="navigation">
<h3 class="vector-menu-heading" id="p-GemStone_IV_Wiki-label">
<span class="vector-menu-heading-label">GemStone IV Wiki</span>
</h3>
<div class="vector-menu-content">
<ul class="vector-menu-content-list"><li class="mw-list-item" id="n-Policy"><a href="/wiki/Gswiki_COLON_Wiki Policy.html"><span>Policy</span></a></li><li class="mw-list-item" id="n-Announcements"><a href="/wiki/Category_COLON_Announcements.html"><span>Announcements</span></a></li><li class="mw-list-item" id="n-Style-Guide"><a href="/wiki/Help_COLON_Style.html"><span>Style Guide</span></a></li><li class="mw-list-item" id="n-Wiki-Editing-Guide"><a href="/wiki/Help_COLON_Getting Started.html"><span>Wiki Editing Guide</span></a></li><li class="mw-list-item" id="n-Templates"><a href="/wiki/Category_COLON_Templates.html"><span>Templates</span></a></li></ul>
</div>
</nav>
<nav aria-labelledby="p-The_World_of_Elanthia-label" class="vector-menu mw-portlet mw-portlet-The_World_of_Elanthia vector-menu-portal portal" id="p-The_World_of_Elanthia" role="navigation">
<h3 class="vector-menu-heading" id="p-The_World_of_Elanthia-label">
<span class="vector-menu-heading-label">The World of Elanthia</span>
</h3>
<div class="vector-menu-content">
<ul class="vector-menu-content-list"><li class="mw-list-item" id="n-New-Player-Info"><a href="/wiki/Category_COLON_New Player.html"><span>New Player Info</span></a></li><li class="mw-list-item" id="n-Mechanics"><a href="/wiki/Category_COLON_Mechanics.html"><span>Mechanics</span></a></li><li class="mw-list-item" id="n-Professions"><a href="/wiki/Category_COLON_Professions.html"><span>Professions</span></a></li><li class="mw-list-item" id="n-Races-and-Cultures"><a href="/wiki/Category_COLON_Races and Cultures.html"><span>Races and Cultures</span></a></li><li class="mw-list-item" id="n-Magic"><a href="/wiki/Category_COLON_Magic.html"><span>Magic</span></a></li><li class="mw-list-item" id="n-World"><a href="/wiki/Category_COLON_World.html"><span>World</span></a></li><li class="mw-list-item" id="n-Towns"><a href="/wiki/Category_COLON_Towns.html"><span>Towns</span></a></li><li class="mw-list-item" id="n-Maps"><a href="/wiki/Category_COLON_Maps.html"><span>Maps</span></a></li><li class="mw-list-item" id="n-Creatures"><a href="/wiki/Category_COLON_Creatures.html"><span>Creatures</span></a></li><li class="mw-list-item" id="n-Storylines"><a href="/wiki/Category_COLON_Storylines.html"><span>Storylines</span></a></li><li class="mw-list-item" id="n-Items"><a href="/wiki/Category_COLON_Items.html"><span>Items</span></a></li></ul>
</div>
</nav>
<nav aria-labelledby="p-Miscellaneous-label" class="vector-menu mw-portlet mw-portlet-Miscellaneous vector-menu-portal portal" id="p-Miscellaneous" role="navigation">
<h3 class="vector-menu-heading" id="p-Miscellaneous-label">
<span class="vector-menu-heading-label">Miscellaneous</span>
</h3>
<div class="vector-menu-content">
<ul class="vector-menu-content-list"><li class="mw-list-item" id="n-Categories"><a href="https://gswiki.play.net/Special:Categories"><span>Categories</span></a></li><li class="mw-list-item" id="n-User-List"><a href="https://gswiki.play.net/Special:ListUsers"><span>User List</span></a></li></ul>
</div>
</nav>
<nav aria-labelledby="p-tb-label" class="vector-menu mw-portlet mw-portlet-tb vector-menu-portal portal" id="p-tb" role="navigation">
<h3 class="vector-menu-heading" id="p-tb-label">
<span class="vector-menu-heading-label">Tools</span>
</h3>
<div class="vector-menu-content">
<ul class="vector-menu-content-list"><li class="mw-list-item" id="t-whatlinkshere"><a accesskey="j" href="https://gswiki.play.net/Special:WhatLinksHere/2024-01-14_-_Ta%27Illistim_-_OOC_Meeting_(log)" title="A list of all wiki pages that link here [j]"><span>What links here</span></a></li><li class="mw-list-item" id="t-recentchangeslinked"><a accesskey="k" href="https://gswiki.play.net/Special:RecentChangesLinked/2024-01-14_-_Ta%27Illistim_-_OOC_Meeting_(log)" rel="nofollow" title="Recent changes in pages linked from this page [k]"><span>Related changes</span></a></li><li class="mw-list-item" id="t-specialpages"><a accesskey="q" href="https://gswiki.play.net/Special:SpecialPages" title="A list of all special pages [q]"><span>Special pages</span></a></li><li class="mw-list-item" id="t-print"><a accesskey="p" href="javascript:print();" rel="alternate" title="Printable version of this page [p]"><span>Printable version</span></a></li><li class="mw-list-item" id="t-permalink"><a href="https://gswiki.play.net/index.php?title=2024-01-14_-_Ta%27Illistim_-_OOC_Meeting_(log)&amp;oldid=213951" title="Permanent link to this revision of this page"><span>Permanent link</span></a></li><li class="mw-list-item" id="t-info"><a href="https://gswiki.play.net/index.php?title=2024-01-14_-_Ta%27Illistim_-_OOC_Meeting_(log)&amp;action=info" title="More information about this page"><span>Page information</span></a></li><li class="mw-list-item" id="t-smwbrowselink"><a href="https://gswiki.play.net/Special:Browse/:2024-2D01-2D14-5F-2D-5FTa%27Illistim-5F-2D-5FOOC-5FMeeting-5F(log)" rel="search"><span>Browse properties</span></a></li><li class="mw-list-item" id="t-cite"><a href="https://gswiki.play.net/index.php?title=Special:CiteThisPage&amp;page=2024-01-14_-_Ta%27Illistim_-_OOC_Meeting_%28log%29&amp;id=213951&amp;wpFormIdentifier=titleform" title="Information on how to cite this page"><span>Cite this page</span></a></li></ul>
</div>
</nav>
</div>
</div>
<footer class="mw-footer" id="footer" role="contentinfo">
<ul id="footer-info">
<li id="footer-info-lastmod"> This page was last edited on 14 February 2024, at 11:02.</li>
</ul>
<ul id="footer-places">
<li id="footer-places-privacy"><a href="/wiki/Gswiki_COLON_Privacy policy.html">Privacy policy</a></li>
<li id="footer-places-about"><a href="/wiki/Gswiki_COLON_About.html">About GemStone IV Wiki</a></li>
<li id="footer-places-disclaimer"><a href="/wiki/Gswiki_COLON_General disclaimer.html">Disclaimers</a></li>
</ul>
<ul class="noprint" id="footer-icons">
<li id="footer-poweredbyico"><a href="https://www.mediawiki.org/"><img alt="Powered by MediaWiki" height="31" loading="lazy" onerror="this.classList.add('archive-img-unavailable'); this.onerror=null;" src="https://gswiki.play.net/resources/assets/poweredby_mediawiki_88x31.png" srcset="/resources/assets/poweredby_mediawiki_132x47.png 1.5x, /resources/assets/poweredby_mediawiki_176x62.png 2x" width="88"/></a><a href="https://www.semantic-mediawiki.org/wiki/Semantic_MediaWiki"><img alt="Powered by Semantic MediaWiki" class="smw-footer" height="31" loading="lazy" onerror="this.classList.add('archive-img-unavailable'); this.onerror=null;" src="https://gswiki.play.net/extensions/SemanticMediaWiki/res/smw/assets/logo_footer_legacy.svg" width="88"/></a><a href="https://www.debian.org/"><img alt="Powered by Debian" height="31" loading="lazy" onerror="this.classList.add('archive-img-unavailable'); this.onerror=null;" src="https://gswiki.play.net/resources/assets/debian/poweredby_debian_1x.png" srcset="/resources/assets/debian/poweredby_debian_1_5x.png 1.5x, /resources/assets/debian/poweredby_debian_2x.png 2x" width="88"/></a></li>
</ul>
</footer>
<script>(RLQ=window.RLQ||[]).push(function(){mw.config.set({"wgPageParseReport":{"smw":{"limitreport-intext-parsertime":0},"limitreport":{"cputime":"0.011","walltime":"0.014","ppvisitednodes":{"value":30,"limit":1000000},"postexpandincludesize":{"value":0,"limit":2097152},"templateargumentsize":{"value":0,"limit":2097152},"expansiondepth":{"value":2,"limit":100},"expensivefunctioncount":{"value":0,"limit":100},"unstrip-depth":{"value":0,"limit":20},"unstrip-size":{"value":96,"limit":5000000},"timingprofile":["100.00%    0.000      1 -total"]},"cachereport":{"timestamp":"20260114202748","ttl":86400,"transientcontent":false}}});mw.config.set({"wgBackendResponseTime":58});});</script>
</body>
</html>